good night and welcome to family Mills
Sunday today I'm going to cook a
variation of a recipe that there's
literally thousands off I don't think
this country on Earth that doesn't have
a variation of meatballs today I want to
show you my recipe for spaghetti and
meatballs
now for this meat ball of spaghetti
recipe you need some mince meat some
pasta hey pass the sauce of your choice
1 chopped onion some chopped up cheese 1
egg and basil into a large bowl crack
one egg and give it a good whisk
then putting your onions and your cheese
and a generous amount of basil
then give it a good stir to combine all
the ingredients next place the beef into
the bowl and give it a good mix use your
fingers in your hands and mix it all the
way in there
as with all red meat make sure once
you're finished you properly wash your
hands to prevent cross-contamination
now lightly grease your fry pan using
your hands grab out small amounts of the
meats make it into a nice firm ball then
put it onto the fry pan now you just
want to lightly sear the outside of
these balls even with a turn every now
and then see to cook them for a total of
two to three minutes
once our Lord has done take them out to
put them into a spare bowl and then just
put the next slide on until they're all
done okay I'm just cooking the second
load now once we're done here we'll be
on to the next step once the second load
of meatballs are done place the first
stop back into the fry pan next pour
over your pasta sauce once most of the
mix is out put it onto the top for a
little bit just put a little bit of
water in there give it a good shake and
then you go put the rest into the front
now give it a good mix to all the
meatballs are completely covered with
the sauce once done place the lid on and
you gotta let it simmer for about 20
minutes until all the meatballs are
cooked all the way through now place
your pasta into a boiling pot of water
and a pinch of salt they can break them
in half if you like but I like them nice
and long so I'm going to let the water
soften them up and just move them all in
once the pastor's cooks we gonna drain
it and put it onto a plate then put the
meatballs on top now don't they look
fantastic let's give this a taste
mmm
mmm no that just takes outstanding thank
you for watching Todd's kitchen
be sure to join me again this Monday for
muffin Monday